docs(account-admin): add custom bucket documentation (#96)
rive-app/rive-docs: account-admin/byob.mdx

---

> title: "Bring Your Own S3 Bucket"

Reviewer: @umberto-sonnino @avivian nitpick but should we name the file `bring-your-own-bucket.mdx`, as that is what will be the URL address. For SEO purposes.

Author: Sure thing, I'll update it

---
title: "Bring Your Own S3 Bucket"
description: "Configure your own AWS S3 bucket to work with Rive"
---

## What is a Custom S3 Bucket?

> A custom S3 bucket allows Enterprise customers to store their Rive assets in their own AWS environment instead of Rive's default storage. This premium feature gives you greater control over your data, allowing you to:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A custom S3 bucket allows Enterprise customers to store their Rive file and asset data in their own AWS environment instead of Rive's default storage. This premium feature gives you greater control over your data, allowing you to:
```

Author: Yeah I was torn by this too, but then I thought that a File is an asset in some way..? But, since you noticed this too, I'll change it up

- Apply your organization's security and compliance policies
- Keep data within your existing AWS infrastructure

> - Maintain direct ownership of storage costs and capacity

Reviewer 2: I wouldn't say either of these are selling points

> - Implement custom lifecycle policies for data retention

Reviewer 2: hmm, we only want this on temporary data... Probably not a selling point

- Integrate with your existing backup and disaster recovery processes
- Monitor and audit all access to your bucket using CloudTrail

**Note:** This feature is available exclusively to Enterprise plan customers. If you're interested in upgrading to unlock this capability, [contact us](https://rive.app/enterprise).

If you have existing data in Rive that you would like migrated to your custom S3 bucket after upgrading to Enterprise, our team can help coordinate the migration process.

## Configuration

<Steps>
  <Step title="Create an S3 bucket in your AWS Account">
    Follow the [AWS documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/create-bucket-overview.html) to create a new S3 bucket:
    
    - Choose a unique name for your bucket <br />
      **Note:** Use that name in place of `BUCKET_NAME` for the rest of this document
    - Configure basic bucket settings
      - Block public access
      - You can choose to leave everything as default or you can decide to enable or customize:

>         - versioning (disabled by default)

Reviewer 2: I wouldn't get them to turn this on... It will massively increase costs based on how we write over revisions all the time

---
title: "Bring Your Own S3 Bucket"
description: ""
---

Users of the Enterprise plan can create their own S3 buckets and configure them to work with Rive. <br />
[Contact us](https://rive.app/enterprise) to sign up for an Enterprise plan.

> 

Reviewer 2: I think we should also mention that customers will need to get in touch with Rive if they want to set up a custom bucket, as there's setup we'll need to do on our side. We sort of imply that towards the end with "Pass the following to your Rive representative", but we should make it explicit from the start.

We should also mention that if you have existing data in Rive you would like to have migrated to your S3 bucket, they should get in contact with us regarding that migration

Reviewer 2: Also, we don't explain anywhere here "why" a customer would want a "custom bucket", or what it even is. I'm not sure if that is a separate doc or not
